What's going on here alright, and she's just a hooker. I know you wouldn't be into that sort of business
So I was gonna kick her out for you
Sorry about you. I was just looking for a job. It was him who got handsie. I need to get handsied off. Be quiet
Real men fight other men
Not women and children
Apologize now to her
She's just I'm the one who brings money into your black everything shut your mouth
My family doesn't employ a low-life scum who will be the week
You're out
I'll take over the restaurant from now on. Oh, come on Don Ryan. I'm sorry. I promise it won't happen again
Give me another chance. Please
Simon
Take oh, come on. Don Ryan
Thank you so much
Get her whatever she needs to set her up in a private room for her troubles
You got it
Sweet 11
This is it. Oh
Shit
This is Don Ryan's sweet. God if I screw this up, I doomed. This place is nice
tired